# November 30, 2022 Meeting:

For this meeting, we chose to do a demo of the website as it is and go over our work. Tonight, we have to finish the project presentation.

Notably, we need the observations for the test cases we made in the test document pushed.

When we demod, we went over logging in and the register page. The blurry background was just added and is new, so we need to make some small changes to the visibility across the website.

We demod across the website, showing the functionality of reviews working with the posts, along with the whole website.

Important notes of things to fix:
- Visibility of certain text
- General CSS work
- Rounding the % values
- Limit the width of the div that posts are showing so that it does not affect the footer
- Fix dummy data
- Adjust the image size of posts to be consistent
- Make sure the background image is a part of the background in the css
- Upload testing document by Friday.

We have a lot of functionality, we just need to focus on CSS.

## For the presentation: 
- We need a tools slide, rating how we used all of the tools we used
- We should have a "Future Enhancements Slide" suggesting ideas of how we could keep going and add more to the project had we more time.
- We should not go over functionality that is not complete, we have enough functionality for the presentation demo.
- Each person needs to speak.
- We do also need a backup vieo demoing the project.
- On Canvas, we should keep our eyes open for announcements.
- Deployment is not a necessity anymore, but we should still look into deploying into a free website like CloudFlare simply for pure interest.

TA then went over the architecture diagram, which goes over the whole back-end and front end architecture. We saved the image in the discord for future reference.